okay if you want a new hobby over the
holidays
how about knitting yeah that's right
Mary is with a pro who has helped more
than 70,000 people become amazing
knitters yeah I just did this while I
was waiting for you guys pass out here
yeah I'm something I'm whipping up for
Ron for Christmas no I have never
knitted before I always feel like a
total dork so you got me the nice easy
knitting I don't share huge needles and
huge yarn yep
okay you get the the best part is
finishing it and we'll be able to put it
on oh okay now you're telling me we'll
get it real close here you go yep
underneath anything I want to find the
front here and around there yep
wrap your yarn and your black yarn comes
around the back perfect
now hold on to it okay and bring the
right needle and any underneath okay
like that good okay you're almost done
now go ahead and push this okay off okay
other one uh-huh you generally hey oh my
goodness look at that okay now a lot of
people need to learn to knit and then
once you get started you get hooked
right you actually 53 million American
women it that's how fun it is well you
can make so many things there I mean I
go through craft stores and you see
different fun yarns like the the scarf
you're wearing there and I know my
daughter started on one of the little
circle looms right but you've taught
thousands of people I have it 90,000
people how didn't it with videos on
YouTube okay and then you you start with
these big needles why is it so much
easier to start like this because you
can see everything because you can see
and it goes so much faster okay you
really like to feel like you just like
how you whip that up just no progress
it's like okay I can do this I can do
this and then you can go to more
complicated things exactly okay so you
get hooked which might not just be
YouTube but other things right oh you
can do anything like these these are one
of the most popular these knitted cabled
leg cars you can make everyone needs a
little cover for their iPhone or their
blackberry or even like even the key
magic you see though but you do lessons
on how to make these kind of things and
and how do people get a hold of you or
learn from you they just go to knit
freedom calm knit freedom calm they can
download a lesson where they can make
that scarf they can see us off on the
plane on you know or on the way to
Thanksgiving and some people don't while
they're watching something else it just
becomes automatic
after a while yeah Christmas be already
set right do it pretty easy
well thank you so much you've been I'll
try I'll practice you know we keep
during the commercial break maybe I'll
finish this we'll take a break get me
right back